[Music]
good morning uh this is a special
meeting of the Board of Trustees of the
AL Pas Community College I'm Brian hagy
of the chair of the
board anyone listening in can listen to
this meeting at apcc YouTube
channel uh within the next 48 8 hours if
they want to hear what goes on here
today or they can go to
www.
youtube.com/ users
oabcc I want to call this meeting the
order Bel do the RO
call Mr mes present miss naha here Mrs
robas here Dr Graham here Mr Hagerty
here Mr xer is running late he'll join
us shortly
okay open
form open form correct open form there
is none uh section five discussion items
item 5.1 discussion SL action the
performance of the president of the
college shall be evaluated by the Board
of Trustees as provided by his
employment agreement the board may
discuss and take possible action
regarding the president's employment
agreement and
compensation okay chair hag with the
like with the board like like to return
executive session for the
presentation we have to go the exec
session for the presentation uh you
don't have to but it's something that
would be allowed to be discussed during
the executive session what's uh
everybody that's in agreement from there
raise your
hand okay the board is now an executive
session it
is is no I I'll read the section um go
ahead read it the board of May conduct
an executive or close session pursuant
to chapter 551 of the Texas government
code for one or more of the following
reasons one consultation with its
attorney to seek or receive legal advice
or consultation regarding pending or
contemplated litigation or for any
purpose authorized by law two discussion
about the value or transfer of real
property three discussion about a
prospective gift or donation four
consideration of specific Personnel
matters five discussion about security
Personnel or devices or six discussion
of certain Economic Development matters
the board may also announce that it will
go into executive session on any item
listed on this agenda if the subject
matter is permitted for a Clos session
by provisions of chapter 551 of the
Texas government code any vote regarding
these items shall be taken in Open
Session the time is now 9:08 and the
board is in executive
session okay the Board of Trustees is
back in regular
session uh we took some
action B can you read 5.1 yes sir item
5.1 discussion SL SL action the
performance of the president of the
college shall be evaluated by the Board
of Trustees as provided by his
employment agreement the board may
discuss and take possible action
regarding the president's employment
agreement and compensation do we have a
motion I make a motion the board Grant
Dr zarata the same salary increase
percentage as the college staff received
this fiscal year plus his retention
incentive pay to be extended to the
termination of his uh employment
agreement and his Texas retirement
account to be increased by an additional
$18,000
second do we have any
questions call for the
vote call the call the question Mr
Mendes uh yes pass m m hi Mr hi Mrs
roess hi Dr gra hi Mr HG hi
uh so we are now adjourned uh sir I have
one more comment to make I'd like okay
we're not back at we're back in motion
here like to thank Dr sarata for the
excellent job that he has done and come
on behalf of the board complement the
staff for exceeding expectations on the
outcomes based uh that we receive
notification on today thank you sir yes
thank
you okay now we're Jed
thank you
[Music]